Wow.
Well,
go to your mom's house,
Christina.
Uh,
there's so much to get into.
What we got to even get into our circumstance for doing the show today.
We'll get into all that and want a day.
Let's open this show.
It's been a crazy day.
Let's do it.
Party.
Oh fuck.
I got diarrhea.
So you fucking come over on the side of the dumpster and take a shit.
I throwing this stuff in.
The youngster will pick it up all fuck.
Who was ranting?
Don't bring anyone fucking to this.
Yes.
Oh,
well,
go to your mom's house.
We've told
Christina.
Oh Wow.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think that clip just turned my whole day around.
That's nice right now.
Might be my new thing that's ever happened.
Yeah.
That's great.
I don't know why the word diarrhea makes me,
I've always loved it so much.
Yeah,
so much.
You're very shit centered.
Anything duty,
that's your wheelhouse.
It's makes me laugh so much.
You have very distinct wheelhouses that make us laugh.
You know?
That's true.
Because I know if I ever want to make you laugh around the house,
I'll be like,
did you fucking ripper tits off and shit on her face and then Jack often newer
eyes.
Do you stapler tits,
the desk and look at it?
Yeah.
See you got to Chuck Hall.
Yeah,
and then with me it's this duty.
They would eat all day.
Every day.
Makes you always lie.
Yeah.
Oh fuck.
Are you doing,
I got diarrhea so you fucking come over on the side of the dumpster and take a
shit rolling this stuff in the dumpster.
I will pick it up all.
Oh my God.
Okay.
I've had diarrhea my whole life.
I never think to go like that,
but that's a real emergency.
I guess.
I've had real emergencies.
I feel like.
I feel like you can almost always find somewhere to go.
That's not a parking lot.
Story about a guy I once met at a party and he goes,
one time I was in Thailand and I was
in a taxi cab flanked by these two girls.
I was trying and he goes,
I had a bout of diarrhea hit me so hard and we were like in like just traffic,
light,
red light.
Nothing's going to happen.
He goes,
man,
I was holding it in,
holding it in and just sweating and going through waves and he's like,
eventually I just willed it away.
Yeah,
that's,
that's what I've done.
I've wilted away many times.
It's really rough.
Well,
you know what?
Your body,
your body will fight if you're trying to get laid.
You're as a man.
If you have diarrhea and you're like,
there's a woman there.
I'm trying to have your body,
we will stop this diarrhea
inside of the toxic sickness.
Yes,
so that you can get laid good priorities.
That's how the male body and brain work.
I've got diarrhea.
He announced it,
but you're so vulnerable,
so vulnerable.
You kind of have to announce it like
his shit covered paper.
I'm throwing this stuff in the dumpster.
Is that Brody Stevens?
That's how he says it.
That's
the street that guy
would you call them out though?
I mean I feel like I'd have empathy and be like,
it's all I do.
Just clean up.
Just don't leave your toilet paper out here.
Okay.
No,
I mean there's a couple of things that he might know that guy as a guy that's
kind of lingers and is always,
you know what I mean?
And the guy who was always like,
hey man,
get the fuck.
The guy's always making customers feel uncomfortable.
Like he knows that guy.
So it's like,
it's almost familiar.
Like,
hey man,
the fuck are you doing?
Do you know what that sound is?
The sound of 500 emails pouring and telling us that they've done public.
Oh yeah,
yeah.
I know it's going to really heard the pings,
right?
Yeah.
No,
it's lit up.
But all the diarrhea story going to be,
I've done it.
I've shown on the side of the road
I have had,
I remember badly,
I almost did.
I remember in college,
Sophomore Year of college being in a girl's dorm room who was down to do it and
she was like,
like just like get comfortable.
And I felt the diarrhea,
like strong.
Now this is true,
I remember this or Nay,
I met her name,
I remember her name was Mary Lynn.
So,
uh,
yeah,
it's Marilyn Roscoe was married so,
but his name was Maryann was Marilyn and she,
uh,
so anyways,
I was like,
I got a test in the morning,
I got to get back.
And I think she was like,
wow,
you're turning down.
So anyways,
but I was like,
I still gave her like a kiss and I go back to my room and it's a like a black
pool,
like a,
it's like a rotten just pool explosion.
And if so much so my suite mates,
like not my roommate but the suite mates were like,
what the fuck's going on?
And then cause I could hear the explosions and like I hear it everyday was one
of the most horrendous shits I've ever taken.
Like I remember the shits so well and then I clean up and I'm like,
I can't go back there now.
You know,
like I said,
like,
cause I basically what I wanted to do was shit at her place and then try to get
laid.
But I knew I could feel what it was.
I know I could feel what it was like if it would have been one thing,
if I'm like,
I kinda got to shit.
Maybe it had been,
but you can never get away with shooting at a girl's house and her not knowing.
Yeah.
And then we're going to do it.
It's just like,
so,
and it would be first time doing it so shitty.
So,
uh,
the next day her friend was like,
oh my gosh,
you have such a cool guy.
And I go,
what?
She's like,
you know,
like most guys would have just like jumped at the opportunity or whatever,
but you're like,
whatever.
I have to like,
she thought I was being respectful of her and not like not wanting to rush
things.
We talk ourselves.
And I was like,
I just had to shit so bad that there was no way I could do it.
So,
uh,
but I was like,
yeah,
no,
I know.
I am a nice guy.
I just respect yourself.
Respect.
So,
so much.
Such a good girl.
Yeah,
she's just really cool.
that's really funny.
You know,
on time man,
I was working as a PA and this guy was hosting some TV show and I was a PA and I
remember I had to shuttle him around that day and we were in the Beverly,
some Beverly Hills Mall.
Right.
And I remember that dude had to shit really badly and I'll tell you it is off
off my,
but we're going down this escalator and I just saw it on his face like he really
had to shit,
he's a celebrity.
And I was like,
dude,
you have to shit.
Like I just called them and I was like,
do you have to go shit or something?
And he's like,
yeah,
like he didn't want to admit that I was right.
And then I was like,
toilets right there,
dude.
Just go shit.
Like I think he was trying to play it cool around me because your girl and
you're attractive.
That's why nobody,
it doesn't matter.
Like he could be whatever.
Uh,
like on his honeymoon.
And you still don't want to be like to a girl,
like I gotta ship bad,
not you.
You're the exception.
Doug Mellard in his fiance came over a gorgeous blonde hair,
Brown eyes.
Pretty sweet girl.
You sat at the dinner table,
you lived your ass cheeks,
you farted,
and then you went,
I gotta take a shit.
And then I went and Shit.
And then you shit.
And not even by another bathroom away from us,
like the kitchen bathroom that everyone uses.
And we can hear you through the door.
Like you didn't even try to,
that's different.
Go down the hall.
It's different.
How's that different?
First of all,
they're like family.
I mean like Doug and,
and,
and Flynn have have been on the road.
That's a different level because I'm comfortable.
I'm saying like a stranger.
Like if it's like you met someone and you're like,
Hey,
I just met you.
Oh yeah.
It's hard.
It's harder to be like,
I got to shit,
you know?
Yeah.
I've never shit.
Um,
and,
and not a toilet,
you know what I'm saying?
Like,
unless I'd been an Asia and like I've had to squat on the ground,
I kept licking Kyrgyzstan.
I had to do that.
But you know,
I've always held it now p I peed everywhere.
I feel like I peed all over the earth that peed on the side of the freeway.
Some wild places.
Yeah.
I mean I pissed on public transportation.
Haven't we all at some point drives backstage that shows where the bathroom was
accessible was with you at time.
Yeah.
And I've done that multiple times.
A Piston,
that trashcan back stage one time.
A little know that thing of like,
you're like,
you're up and by the way,
you're going to be up there 60 70 minutes and you're like,
I gotta Piss real quick.
And they were like,
oh,
there's no bathroom around here.
And you're like,
well,
I've got to go.
And they're like,
well,
you know,
just hold it for an hour and change.
No,
I'm not doing that.
Or there's nowhere for you to shit before your show.
So you gotta go to shit where the audience shifts and everyone's like,
hey,
aren't you the,
aren't you the girl that's Kinda taking a shit with your audience is terrible
man.
It's terrible.
It's not fair.
It's certainly not fair.
We should establish this [inaudible] we're jumping all over.
Um,
so today we had an emergency.
Yeah.
Are reliable and wonderful nanny who comes on this day always at a certain time.
And we do the show usually in a certain window called in and had like some
family stuff.
She has a family emergency and we're like,
oh,
that's the worst day to Collin.
Like that.
This is our podcast and we have a tight schedule.
I'm in town,
I'm in La 48 hours.
I know.
So I was like a bad week for this.
So actually,
and we also had scheduled Martin,
Risa,
the water someone.
Yeah.
So it was all like set up,
love
to go and then everything got thrown away.
So anyways,
I ended up doing,
I ended up doing the water session segment
with Martin.
Right.
Which is that tagged onto the end of this app.
So it will be Christina and I and then garden.
I was watching the baby gene.
Right.
And of course let him down for his nap and now we have maybe 45 minutes to get
there.
We just don't know.
We don't know how much,
I mean the baby could freak out and we have the monitor here.
It's just the way it goes.
This is one of those old school podcast.
Whenever we used to do this,
when he was first a baby,
he'd be in the next room and we do the show during stop when we hear cries,
hopefully just crashes hard here.
And then you know,
he's all fucked up cause that one hour do it really messes up babies.
Well yeah it does our front gate malfunction.
And then what else went wrong?
It was just,
today's not a good day.
No,
but it just got better with that diarrhea clip
really opened up my happiness man.
And you know what else I've been thinking about my friend Shannon,
I came,
that's the joy comes back into my life.
Well,
my friend Shawna came to visit me my BFF and uh,
and she listens to the show with her husband,
Jimmy.
And she goes,
we were,
we were talking upstairs.
She goes,
man,
that guy who takes 10 to 12 Ben and drill,
she goes,
I take one and I'm like anxious and sweating.
It's like who can take them any Benadryl?
She takes them regularly for her allergies and she said that is way too much.
That's a lot.
I mean,
what about this guy though?
Love to fuck.
Fuck,
fuck,
fuck me at 2195 move it.
But you got to fuck the,
I need to be fought a lot.
We got it.
What do you think's the point of that?
He really needs it.
You gave out.
He gave out that address.
Don't you think a Craig's list ad would suffice?
Like he needs to put a youtube video out.
I think he really wants,
I think he's trying to step it up.
Very indiscriminate.
Written that it's like,
yeah,
it's bad.
I got some nice pillows.
Do you want to fuck or what?
You can move in here.
Your friends can move in here or you got to jail.
Are you a homeless bum?
Do you want to Piss on me?
Beat me up.
I mean you really,
somebody by the way can definitely satisfy all of his name.
There's a person right now,
it was like,
check,
check.
Oh man,
dude,
man,
I'm out of jail,
homeless.
I'll piss on you.
I'll beat the shit out of you and it's free rent and my friends can come away
and which gives it up to his friends.
It's all winter when really one of the more substantial guys,
it's we've ever played on the show that is quite a singles ad.
You don't really get to see those.
And again,
I think I said it last week,
but I think everybody understands the sentiment,
the impulses of,
of,
of saying that.
But there's a big party when you feel like when you feel like,
I want to get fucked.
That goes,
maybe I shouldn't make this video and put it online though.
What?
What do you imagine the response was to that?
Especially now that we've broadcast at someone listening some,
some derelict listener of this show was like,
yeah,
well that was great.
The crazy thing is that,
yeah.
Yeah.
I know somebody is somebody,
wherever this is originally posted has his full home address.
Like we edit it out for his sake.
Right,
right.
But his full home address is like whatever,
one,
two,
three main street.
Yeah.
He's like,
that's where I live.
If you want to come over here and piss on me for free rent and bring her out of
jail friends too.
That's really what's wrong with people.
You know?
I think it's crazy to even show what neighborhood you live in on Instagram.
Yeah,
let alone,
you know,
given that your addy,
it's really wild.
You want to Piss and shit.
His cadence is so it's that weird guy cadence to,
yeah,
it's like a that psychotic east coast.
Fuck me.
Yeah.
Like piss on me.
You want to Piss on me?
Try that or I want to be fucked.
There's no break in the words.
Did they run together?
I know that that's a real sign of his psycho it when there's no pauses.
Yeah,
yeah.
No,
he's really good contact.
blanking by the way.
So,
you know,
I think I've,
I've told stories on this shit podcast about how as I tour,
you know,
especially for the first,
like nine months of this tour,
every time I'd go to stage,
you know,
I'm walking onto the stage in some pretty big rooms as the applause dies.
There's kind of like that moment,
right?
So you grabbed the mic there clapping and you go,
thank you.
Thanks a lot.
And it's like as you're about to start doing standup,
right.
Does that moment,
a lot of times it was,
hey Hitler right now,
it'd be like Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Now,
yeah.
Machines within people are screaming machines within.
Oh,
I like that.
Yeah.
Well it's a hit song and we turned it into a smash hit.
We are responsible and our audience is responsible.
Yeah.
Force creating such a great song.
Amazing move.
Visions came in amazing so much.
I've got this email that I'm dying to read.
Okay.
I came into that's deep bro,
which I think is really funny.
Uh,
but anyway,
yeah,
continue talking as,
yeah.
Okay.
Well I have another machines within.
Oh my God.
Great thought.
I would,
uh,
share it with you.
It looks like there's a video component to this one as well.
Here we go.
Frog.
Right.
I like it.
There you go.
That's good.
It's really good.
I actually,
the video is great.
That's really good.
Yeah.
My rap is your thing on.
No,
no,
that's really good.
I'm impressed.
Yeah.
Rashid's with it.
That's great.
It's so good.
I mean,
come on deep.
Yeah.
Like they made it a soulful,
yeah.
This is a soulful thing,
Elliot.
It says by Elliot.
Yeah.
I'm impressed about him.
I'm impressed.
I really liked it.
Yeah.
Do you have any other ones?
Um,
well that's all I see in here for machines within submissions,
but we have some new,
uh,
she's retarded songs.
Good.
So this is,
she's retarded.
It's called,
it's developmentally disabled by day.
You'll keep
joined the show.
I'm retarded.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
Okay.
Yeah,
she's retarded.
Okay.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
She sounds retarded.
Okay.
There you go.
That's really good.
Daniel t,
thank you for that one.
Uh,
this is retarded genes by patty patty boo.
She's retarded.
Told you
she's retarded.
Oh,
it's good.
Yeah.
I have a
chill vibe that I like the,
I told you how when the started she's retarded.
Yeah,
it's Kinda neat.
This is called,
she's retarded.
Light.
Light jazz by euros.
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh yeah,
like
different,
I like the different styles.
David Brubeck
you don't normally hear like jazz,
like,
oh wow.
All right.
I like that.
I guess who I met on Saturday who?
Gaping Dad.
You're kidding.
He came to my show in Austin,
your mom's house celebrity.
Oh,
that's for sure.
And he's made an incredible,
incredible songs.
And uh,
you know,
I told him,
I go,
I want to thank you for all the songs you've made.
You're definitely on our top,
you know,
top tier,
uh,
music,
the songs that he submitted a been incredible.
And he goes,
oh,
thanks.
And then he goes,
uh,
I'm working on a,
she's retarded one and I cannot wait to get off.
So I don't have that yet,
but I'm a genius.
No,
but I believe in Nate from Indy who submitted a great,
I think he submitted a machines within song also submitted a,
she's retarded stuff.
Um,
and he,
he's an actual guitar player and singer,
so I Remember,
Oh yes,
she is rich.
[inaudible]
there you go.
Well,
I feel like that one really got the message across of like the distinction
between being retarded or mentally disabled and it's such an important
distinction.
Some people are just retarded,
you know?
That's what that guy was trying to say.
Right.
Her Shit,
she's retarded man.
And he wasn't trying to say she has downs.
She's mentally to say it was like,
no,
she does retarded shit.
Retarded.
Yeah.
Like that.
Do you really think that's the hidden meaning of she's retarded.
Oh,
hundred percent is that she act out all the time.
Yeah.
Sally.
Sally's just retarded.
Retarded.
So silly.
Yeah,
I think so man.
These songs,
I tell you every now and then we hit a wave,
a real talent submissions on this shell and this is one of those times,
yeah.
When the songs come in,
it's like,
it's really one my favorite things that happens really.
It really,
really makes me happy.
Of course.
Read the email.
Ha,
this is funny.
So it says,
Hi Christina.
I was listening to your mom's house episodes.
We were discussing showering with Tom.
I don't know if you guys remember that episode,
but uh,
it started when we lived at the,
up this other house a year ago and Tom and I showered together on occasion.
Not so much anymore,
uh,
just for logistic reasons kid.
But you came in and you peed on me and it smelled like you had dumped an entire
crap of coffee into the shower because you don't hydrate a lot.
And that's what started this whole water champ.
Did Look,
look what you're drinking now is that,
that doesn't look like water to me.
It looks like coffee.
So,
uh,
it was disgusting.
And then you blew snot rockets and then they,
that's not got stuck in your beard.
And then you just,
you look a Hobo.
It's like showering with a guy who had diarrhea.
Yeah.
You're like,
the guy had taken diarrhea is on the,
on the,
uh,
the dunks,
diarrhea.
She,
so she writes,
and I'm 21 years old and I've never showered with the guy.
The thought of being in a shower with a guy as he's washing his butt hole just
never appealed to me.
I have worked in the nursing aide field for a couple of years and I'm currently
in nursing school.
Maybe all the years of bathing pervy old men turned me off to the idea.
The last time I stayed at my booze place.
He mentioned that we shower together.
I told him I didn't want to and he thought that was weird.
What should I expect from my first time showering with a guy?
How do I make washing my armpits sexy?
Are blowjobs requirement or is it supposed to be cute or both?
It's a really good question.
It sounds like a sweet lady.
Young.
I think first of all,
if,
uh,
if it's her be,
um,
well first of all,
you know your BFF.
You know what I mean?
Like if he's thank you know your BFF and then you shower with them.
And figure out he's a Hobo Blow Scott rockets at that point.
What I'm saying is that,
I dunno what stage of BF this is,
but obviously it's,
it's a stage where they spend the night at each other's house.
She's been with him for a while so it's not like it's a new new thing.
I think more than likely if he's asking you to shower for the first time and it
hasn't been done,
he doesn't want to screw that up for the next year.
First Time.
Yeah.
So I think that that stuff later,
first time you have nothing to worry about.
Like he's going to be on probably good behavior.
He's going to soap your back,
he's going to do like hell let you have the hot water and then that switches
very quickly.
Cause when that's why we don't shower together,
it's I'll be in the hot water and enjoying myself and then you will physically
grab me and pull me out of the car and then take it yourself.
Rephrase that.
I would rephrase that.
I would say that I would like some,
some hot water,
not scorching hot water.
So I have to move you and turn the hot water down,
which is actually saving hot water for you.
Cause I take human shop,
pull me out of the stream and then I suffer.
I'm sure I need it for a moment,
but look,
I think he probably be a nice thing and you don't have to like,
yeah,
you soap wherever you want.
He's going to probably wash his asshole in front of no,
no,
no.
Hell,
hell.
Put that off.
Yeah,
no,
he'll wash his dick and balls.
He'll wash that and he'll probably like try to get a couple of grabs.
You know,
I'd probably probably stuck his finger in your crack.
Um,
he'll soap up your back seat.
That's where you're wrong because not all men are as derelict as you are where
you do that,
where you might butt cheeks with your fingers and your golf plants.
What I worry about that weird,
right?
Not all guys do that kind of stop.
You think it's playful that,
but I'll tell you that.
But you're definitely,
you know,
rare.
I'd never had a boyfriend that would do all that mean stuff to me.
Well,
it mean spreading my butt cheeks.
Memory used to take care of you.
You go like that and like,
why are you spreading him peeing on me?
I didn't have a boyfriend that did that until you said that the spreading was
menacing.
Menacing.
Yeah.
I didn't like it.
I just tolerated it because I love you.
I didn't do the red flag.
I should have paid attention to probably ah,
so many what?
Your love of a sociopath's and murderings and stuff like that.
That was a big red flag.
You didn't use soap in your shower,
stuff like that.
You're washing your,
washing your crotch with shampoo.
That's what people do.
Not all people.
Everything that I did to you is normal.
Yeah,
sure it is.
Now.
Um,
this gave me a laugh.
I thought you might like this,
this lady,
she's retarded.
Retarded going through her
[inaudible]
yeah,
having a good time,
right.
[inaudible]
oh my God.
Uh,
they just fucked up the interior of the car.
She had moose suit vibes.
Definitely same.
Yeah.
So basically it feels weak or who aren't watching on Youtube,
the sun roof leaked and this woman is in a drive through car wash and all the
water just got in her interior,
fucked up her car.
It looks like the will probably happen is the,
the interior slide door is closed and the,
I bet you the top window is that,
that elevated clashes.
You know how they have to have that feature though,
where you can be like cracked?
Like it's not open backwards like lifted up so you can have like a breeze of
air.
Oh my God.
And I think she,
uh,
she didn't realize that.
That's terrible.
Yeah.
That's pretty bad that your car is over.
Oh Man.
That'd be so I'd be just as pissed as she is.
She was so terrible.
That's really,
really,
your car's totally ruined.
Yeah.
And they've got leather right
town,
Huh?
It was poor.
It wasn't trickling in.
Especially on the passenger side.
Look how much water is.
It's trickling in there.
But look to the right here.
There are law.
Dammit.
Uh,
that is a bummer.
You're right.
I think it's all cracked up.
Yeah,
I think it's propped up.
Yeah.
Now whose fault would that be?
I don't know.
I think it would be the driver's fault.
Yeah,
that's true.
Sure.
Car Damn Dad.
She's super pissed,
man.
Car Washes are fun when you're sitting in the car.
Yeah.
It still is a thrill.
Of course.
Yeah.
I don't like it when they take my car.
I like to sit in it.
Yeah,
it's a dirty,
yeah.
This is very similar.
It could be her.
Yeah.
How's the dirty bit Ph,
right.
It has kind of that vibe.
Yeah.
So maybe her cousin here,
dammit.
Oh my gosh.
Right.
You hear the little mix up there?
No sign of a
very close.
Oh Shit.
Oh Wow.
Yeah.
That was very close.
It was awesome Jean.
Oh,
that's pretty good.
You guys are doing good.
You're doing good,
man.
Here you go.
Close.
So this is interesting.
Your arm was wiping solved.
Oh,
okay.
I was listening to episode four 20 I had an epiphany.
I worked at a movie theater for years.
Once while I was working,
a coworker walked into the handicap washroom and found shit covered.
Toilet paper wrapped around the grab bar next to the toilet.
I have spent years pondering how this happened.
It is now obvious to me that an arm was person had an emergency brown wrap the
toilet paper around the bar with their highly skilled feet and then rubbed up on
it.
Obviously after they were done,
they had no way of getting it off without getting their feet covered in shit.
Mystery solved.
Hope.
This was of some help machines within epic.
The hair.
It is.
Wow.
The machines with ingredients,
it's a whole new thing.
The whole thing now why?
Well,
what's an interesting theory?
I,
I don't see why not.
Yeah,
it's possible.
It's definitely possible.
Zinzer uh,
in gender specific way.
Hi Hitler's dammit.
When trying to be sensitive to people's pronouns,
what do those who speak big words with gender types in their speech?
Do Spanish,
French,
Italian,
have non Zinzer types in their words built in and we'll never be able to respect
the pronoun because so many words being masculine,
feminine.
That is fucking brilliant.
And that is so true.
Are these languages doomed to be cis scum speech for all eternity and should we
be eliminating them to make sure everyone is safe?
Please respond with your wisdom running the industry.
Wow Allen,
that is so good.
Run an industry.
That is so good.
That's a really good point.
Because the respectful languages,
the Germans,
they have nuder form right there.
Right here.
There are some languages that don't have a neutral and new gender neuter and he
is such a good question.
As a someone who speaks,
you know,
decent Spanish,
I can tell you that you're always constantly trying to remember.
You know,
somebody like I've said I,
you know,
my Spanish has definitely gone down hill because I don't use it as much as I
used to.
But that is a thing where it's like is it,
is it masculine or feminine?
Is the word el or La Mesa.
El Mesa,
right?
Is it la?
Uh,
La Mesa.
Cause it ends an island.
So you're attributing a feminine,
you know,
Gosh,
title to the word,
right,
of course it.
Then how are the non binary people going to tolerate this?
And these lands because you have to say something to somebody in countries,
uh,
Decosta and they'd be like,
wait.
I'm like,
oh,
but we want to put on their boots though.
So what would they say?
I have no idea actually.
That's,
that's why I'm fasting
dated by this.
How do,
how does does this whole movement of gender pronouns effect people that don't
speak English?
Because we are,
have been just been tied into the English speaking world.
Right.
And we've,
we've seen the documentary,
that vice documentary,
that was it.
Sweden,
I think it was,
which is the neutral right now.
He was like,
or they were like,
do you want to be like a woman or a gender neutral day?
And then the kid was like,
I just want to go by my name mark.
Yeah,
I know.
It's so funny because Ellis is about the age of the kid that they're asking on a
daily basis what they feel like.
I'm like looking at my kid,
he doesn't even understand the question.
There's no debate in his mind like about what gender,
it's just not on the table yet.
It's a look.
It's confined.
I think you're confusing him.
I'm sorry them a little bit.
They get confused.
But I'm interested in the Latin speaking.
If anyone out there has any insight into whether Spanish,
French,
Italian speakers,
how they approach somebody who's like,
I'm not either gender,
how do words then get used?
Because words are very,
yeah,
too
much.
They have a um,
a gender like tie in to them in those languages.
Yes.
It was very,
there's few ways I think you can say something.
Gender neutral.
That's true.
That's absolutely true.
Well,
in German you have d dare and dos.
Those are the three different,
uh,
feminine,
masculine and Neuter.
And you have to fucking memorize every word with DDR or dos.
That's terrible.
Yeah.
It's so hard.
Interesting.
Where do non binaries go to prison?
Well,
that's cool.
in California,
didn't we just have the,
uh,
the thing that transgender people can choose what this person asked,
they say,
I heard of the California allowed to put a third gender on your license,
separate from male or female.
So I was thinking if you one of those people and you have to go to prison,
do you go to mail prisoner?
A female prison?
Thanks.
Fish Abuser.
Well,
I mean if they're non or non binary,
um,
you know,
I would assume they put them with the women.
I think we need to build new prisons entirely.
You're right.
It makes sense.
Makes Sense.
Yeah.
For the community.
No,
I think they do send them to the women's.
I think it's to get the guys,
you know what it is,
it's so that the guys don't get the shit beaten out of them with a,
let's say I'm saying,
let's say I go,
Hey,
I'm non binary.
And then the state recognized it.
They go,
Tom Sigora non-binary,
right?
It's on his driver then their driver's license.
Right.
And I commit a crime.
I guess as the president and I go,
I'm not male.
I can't go to a men's prison.
No.
They already had.
They already acknowledged that I'm not,
I'm not a man.
And you're not a female either.
No.
So I don't know,
Dude.
And we'll have to figure what to find out.
Uh,
yeah.
Well,
because this is such your wheelhouse.
Yeah.
I thought I would just play this special treat diarrhea and nonbinary together.
It's very educational.
Right?
And you're a reader and you're the learner.
Yeah.
But I think it's your type of education.
Okay.
Hey everybody.
It's Steven's Seva here and I'm here to talk to you about something that's near
and dear to my heart,
and I call it sacred releasing.
Okay.
Here we go.
So what's sacred releasing is,
is it's a way of transforming using the toilet,
going to the bathroom from something that's mundane into something that's really
magical,
transforming it into a sacred ritual,
isn't it always?
I feel like it's always pretty awesome.
I think he points out one of your big flaws.
How present are you when you're going to the bathroom?
And the reason why we're asking that is because I know we have this tendency in
our society in this day and age to be toilet textures.
You know,
we go to the bathroom with a phone and then we can be sitting on the toilet.
Showed up looking at her phone.
Yeah.
That's why you were called releasing transforms and honors this.
Letting go process is releasing process that is using the toilet.
This might be my second favorite new clip and the holy grail.
Sacred releasing.
I love that.
You definitely thought it was jizzing though,
right?
Yeah.
I thought we were doing let her come.
Thank God.
Why didn't even know this was an option for me.
It's funny that you love shitting and I love jizzing.
Yeah,
more shitting clips because I feel like we've been a little heavy.
Okay.
This is my wheelhouse now.
I thought that's why you took a shit was to catch up on your emails and your
texts and your
sacred releasing,
so he's just arguing that you should be more present,
more mindful,
more thoughtful,
and more appreciative of your body processing that shit.
Yeah.
Why are you sitting there doing other things?
You should be thinking about this moment,
but I feel like you process your dumps.
Yeah.
You light candles and you pray.
I don't pray.
I'm in there and I like a full report.
You tried it.
In our spiritual communities.
People do this really beautiful,
nice gratitude filled prayer,
like ritual,
pre eating a meal and then when it comes out the other side on the phone,
right.
Great logic.
Why isn't that prayer happening on the toilet now that it's been digested?
It's not good enough for you anymore.
It's an interesting topic.
Should we be like,
I gotta take a shit and then be like,
dear God,
thank you.
Thank you for,
Right?
Yeah.
Thank you for this shit.
Thank you for helping me get through my system and then kind of really losing
yourself in it.
Like as it kind of pushes out,
especially those,
those growlers,
you know,
those,
those really fierce ones.
I don't know.
I mean I think it was kind of interesting.
I feel like there should be a whole sector of religious people there are devoted
to this.
You know how there are like,
uh,
monks that starved themselves.
I bet you there's a whole sect of people who just worshiped their duties.
Oh,
those people,
there's some people that have other people worship their duties for people like
her,
her buddy,
and they get in there.
Do we have to be present all the time?
That's the question I would,
I would ask him,
do listen,
taking a dump.
It's probably one of the most enjoyably mindless things I get to do every day.
That's why it's so awesome.
It's you alone or sometimes with a toddler on your lap or a toddler running
around,
but mostly alone,
or you check out and you just enjoy a body function.
Why do I have to fucking,
can we just be mindless?
Yeah,
totally.
Leave it in a different room and just set it aside and don't even go to the
bathroom with your phone.
What I'm encouraging and supporting you to do is to leave the phone out of the
banks completely,
and what I encourage you to do is just drop in with yourself and let this be a
moment where you honor the sacred,
bringing in and letting go process that is this sacred rhythm that we have in,
in,
in life and in the universe.
Kind of a beautiful statement though.
I like his earrings.
Those are unique.
They're,
they're alternative.
Like they look spice,
the spiky and hurtful.
Like they look like they hurt.
Yeah.
I'm getting my ears pierced.
Both of them.
Yeah.
That's a really good idea.
You don't like it?
I didn't say I didn't like it.
You said it was a really good idea,
but I sensed like some type of,
you know what kind of,
what kind of earrings are you going to get?
Um,
I'm going to start with gold studs.
Yeah,
definitely.
And hold on and then I'm going to,
uh,
I'll do hoops and then I'm gonna do diamonds.
I'm just gonna diamonds on you.
You look good.
You think so.
Spark,
spark.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to get a tattoo.
I've been talking about it for a long time.
Okay.
I want to get those knuckle tats.
We've been talking about,
oh yeah.
Says Fuck you money on there.
I think you should have fucking money before you get it true.
That's a problem.
It'd be funny there.
You're doing your next special and it's like fuck you pull in the mic.
Like it'd be great.
Whoa.
Seinfeld had those for this late last special and they said,
fuck you money on his hands.
I'd be like,
that's awesome,
but I think you don't want to get that tat.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
But I do like those knuckle tats that's going to happen in this lifetime and I
feel like you want a tat.
You've been talking about it.
It's my like midlife crisis thing.
I've been reverting to my God stuff a lot,
but I do.
I kind of want to tat dude,
is there any place you're considering?
Yeah,
the inner arm,
inner forum,
the forum.
The problem is,
is that I feel like in 10 years when I'm a 50 year old woman,
I'll feel like a dick bag.
I don't think so.
I feel like a fucking,
I really don't think so.
You don't think it'll be undignified when I'm like 81st of all,
you have to have it tastefully done.
You have to have it done by a good artist and there's definitely a dignified way
of doing it.
One.
If it's a sacred poop,
like my favorite poop.
What do you mean third?
You don't have a favorite bowel movement.
You're saying you're going to date it,
commemorate it,
so you'll be like eight,
16 people will be like,
oh,
someone die.
But like,
no,
it's my favorite.
Dot.
Aren't you already have the message in mind?
Yeah,
yeah.
Oh,
I want Mike,
my kid's name or something.
Yeah.
My son,
my son and I are saying definitely portraits of our dogs too.
I want you to have his face always looks good when somebody has their child's
face tattooed on them.
Never looks bad.
No always looks good.
No forever.
Forever.
My child,
he'll be like,
then as your skin changes and it looks like he was in some type of chemical
warfare and accident,
I do like a trident or an octopus or something like that and octopus and like a
cool one.
Maybe shelve your idea for a while,
2030 years and revisit it.
I know.
That's why I get the urge.
Then I'm like,
I should hold off.
I like your idea.
I think it'll look cool.
Well,
I had the bad idea in the 90s of getting a fucking tramp stamp of a dragon.
Look how that one aim here thing.
Yeah.
I hate it.
Now.
Thing is though.
Do I go through the pain of removing it or do I just like fuck.
It just depends on how much it bothers you.
It's embarrassing.
Remove it.
Yeah.
But I think the one you have in mind is actually cool.
I really do.
My Kid's name.
I think it's an old English though.
Yeah.
My chest,
chest.
I would do pause.
I love the Paul has those.
Yeah.
Those are rather fucking super aware.
Right?
Why the why the why the cat paws on her chest.
I always wondered.
It's um,
shows you fun times
kid.
He plays with tidier.
That's the whole idea.
It's like,
wait,
your cat steps on your chest.
And she's like,
commemorating when the cat steps are.
Yeah,
exactly.
You know,
when bitsy steps.
So I think just getting you to look at Teddy's,
it's just fun.
There's,
don't you look though,
don't you slut.
Shame me.
You look at my titties because I have tattoos on him.
There's a lot of,
uh,
my favorite,
I've seen a lot of tattoos.
Like if you kind of go down rabbit holes of horrifically terrifying one's near
genitals,
it's pretty crazy.
You don't talking about like people have like the devil tattoo above their box.
So it looks like the devil choice is your Vjo Jay.
Oof.
It's such a choice.
Um,
crazy ones.
Like one guy had a poison,
the word poison tattooed on his Dong and then an arrow pointing towards the tip.
Like that's pretty fast.
That's crazy talk,
God damn.
Or there's a real,
there's,
if you go,
I mean they're all over but like crazy asshole ones where it's some,
something demonic and then the,
the,
your asshole is,
is it's drawn on there so that you're assholes the mouth.
So it's like,
ah,
it's like a crazy dean.
And then your mouth,
the mouth is,
yeah,
I mean like,
I don't know.
And then people will put like funny things,
you know,
around their assholes,
which I guess I appreciate it as a comedian.
Sure.
And just as a human being,
but you're also getting your asshole tattooed wild thing I think about is that,
I mean,
listen,
I've only had the tramp stamp and that wasn't comfortable.
Yeah.
But I can't imagine the asshole being an easy place to tattoo.
It's gotta be,
it's gotta be nuts.
Yeah.
Might be the most sensitive.
Besides your genitals or your eye eyelids.
I don't even know how they give eyelid tattoos.
I've seen those on television very often in real life.
Just on those crime shows.
There's some inmates with soon eyelids I've seen,
um,
you know,
whole face is just nuts.
Wild
inner lip of seeing the,
you know.
Yeah.
But so bad that doesn't last forever.
You know,
that I've seen a bottom of a foot tattooed,
which I'm like,
this just has,
you know,
that's just for you,
for your amusement.
But also I feel like that would be painful and not good.
Super painful.
Um,
but I feel like,
yeah,
face is pretty crazy.
The neck,
actually I do like a chess piece.
I like it,
it on girls when I see it looks really tough.
I like it.
You like the toughness of it?
Yeah.
Yeah,
like throat,
throat and stuff to,
actually,
there was a drug dealer that I went to college with and he had throat cancer and
he had like,
he was like a white guy with dreads,
but he wore,
he rode a motorcycle like he was,
he was tough as fuck.
Actually,
he had the knuckle tats the neck.
I mean,
but some dudes,
it's like they're born that way.
Like they look good.
This guy was hot.
Everyone wanted to bang him with his dreads.
That's where you lost me.
Everybody did duty white guy with dreads.
I'm telling you,
it's very rare,
but this boy was so Goddamn,
he,
you know how like a dude figures out a look and you're like thousands look,
dude,
knuckle tattoos,
throat dreads,
blonde,
like bleached white and then looked good.
Yes.
I'm saying,
and I don't say this,
I'll never say it again.
Maybe Rob Zombie can pull it off.
And this guy.
So did you guys make love?
I wish.
No,
but my roommate,
uh,
at one point did the one who I would predict would have knowing the for the
roommates,
no,
you don't want to even know this girl.
No,
no,
no.
She,
you wouldn't even know her stories.
She felt she fall in love with him,
the campus drug dealer.
And then he was like,
Nah.
Cause he had this really cute girlfriend that he was with and he kinda cheated
on the girl with
dreads.
Even had like a hot ass friend,
you know,
and like hot dudes.
They were all like,
they're best friends.
Hot.
But the thing is they were like 25 at the time.
You know what I'm saying?
Like I was a freshman in college and these dudes were like 25 and still in
college and dealing drugs.
I know that lane well because I'm one of those guys
I walk in,
it's like me,
Josh Potter,
you know.
Ah,
hey.
Yeah,
we're super hot.
Sickler which is how we roll because we know the posters.
We got to knock that shit down.
Yeah.
Fuck all this time.
I can't even imagine what that's like as a young man to be that guy.
All the girls want to bang.
Yeah,
it's probably overwhelming.
I'm assuming.
I'm sure you had hepatitis or something.
He was probably nasty as hell.
You wasn't clean.
Definitely.
He did his best life.
I mean,
think about,
he's got a motorcycle.
He got a throat tattoo money.
Definitely bad decision.
I don't care about the hair where you think it's a bad decision.
So he made a bad decision,
but he embraced it.
Yeah,
he's got,
he's selling drugs.
All the checks likes it and box.
Yeah.
Girlfriend was hot.
He's fucking,
he lived his best life.
He did.
It'd be awesome if you could get an update on him right now.
Whoever he went to school with me and you're listening.
You know who I'm talking about.
If you can text some friends
I know.
Who knows.
Get a look,
get a gander of what's going on.
Now if he's alive,
he's,
I would say he was on the fast track to dying.
You see?
Right.
Because he did a lot of the bad drugs.
I do not have an update on the hot friend.
Sarah sent it to me.
He's not hot anymore.
He is.
He is,
yeah.
He's Pudgy and like,
he's like everybody now middle aged.
There's a window for that kind of Shit,
dude.
You got to get your tap.
You're going to regret not getting your tongue.
I feel like that's what this whole thing was about you to get your tat man.
You're saying I should have slept with the campus drug dealer 200% if you would
have had that story right now,
I would have loved it.
I didn't do anything sexually adventurous.
Dude.
He,
he did things to me like I had never heard of and like it hurt but like,
and I cried a lot but it was like,
it was still good.
Yeah.
You know?
Sure.
And then there's hot friend came in and I was,
I was airtight stop yourself.
I was talking about,
I feel like this whole thing about,
you know,
were we allowed the more we should just slot walk,
everyone's allowed to be a whore.
I feel like we've always been allowed to be a hard,
like I don't know of course what these uptight girls are like in the 90s all my
friends were sluts.
It's all the ones doing it.
There's people who have their,
they have insecurities about being the whore.
In other words,
they're judging that girl that sleeps around and they feel weird about it,
but they want to be as comfortable as she is with it.
Cause I'm like,
Yo,
where everyone loves whores.
Well my friends were hose and all every nobody talk shit to them know everyone
loves it.
And especially in San Francisco when I went to college it was like cool.
It was cool.
No one fucking slack chain people felt like it was like hanging outside of a
bakery and like,
they're like,
we're gonna,
we're going to run out of,
uh,
we have too many cupcakes leftover and would just be like,
what if I hang out with me?
But you'll get one of those cupcakes.
It's like that.
Yeah.
That's,
and I went to an all girls Catholic high school.
We were so sex positive.
Like I remember in 10th grade our friend gave her first blow job.
She came in the next day and announced it and we all fucking high fiber.
Nobody was like,
oh you're a whore.
Like yeah of course we loved that stuff.
I think cause let's get through this cause we got to get LJ here I fuck.
So this is how we do it.
There's a few steps to this process.
Step number one is it involves going to the bathroom.
We engage an intention,
we bring in a visualization,
we do a form of toning.
Can I just take a shit actually like making a sound.
A quick hit about the sound is to flush things down or energy channel and our
route.
It's helpful if we make a sound and if we're bringing things up through the
upper shockers and hold our crown,
we want to make a higher tone and so we can use this toning tool to help us move
excess energy in her body that might not be serving.
I feel like I make that sound already when I should,
oh this guy lives alone.
Use the low tone.
When we go to the bathroom or root area is not only opening up physically to let
things go,
but it's also opening up energetically to let go.
Right,
and so
those,
once this energetic centers open and we're releasing physically and
energetically,
this guy align this with our intention.
I'm going to let go of some anxiety that I'm feeling in my belly,
like help it,
encourage it down.
He's sweet.
He goes,
but he goes through all of this to take it a shit.
His life is too complicated.
He definitely lives by himself.
Important is because we're opening up physically.
Yes,
energetically raised.
It's important to that when we're done and complete our sacred releasing ritual
that we close the energy energy sector,
your asshole energy loves to leak out.
We've heard about this phenomenon.
Yeah.
It does.
The leaky energy problem,
especially with women,
like you got to close that door,
close your badge.
You can easily leak out of our routine.
Okay.
If we're not
adding the blue abundance
and so by the beach,
it's an APP.
That energy center
you're saying,
yeah,
I get it now you got all that energy.
You're saying the king has or we've been practicing this for year and let's
listen to that breathing currently
appreciating what he ate and letting it all out and then closing.
We were gay so he did.
Right.
So kick ass rapper for non you haters.
Yeah,
it's a nice part on the haters.
All the haters.
He's an intentional farther into shit.
Yeah.
Yup.
I mean he's been doing,
he's been mindful duding for a long time before this guy has really been doing
it.
Um,
oh my God,
that was great.
That was fantastic.
We know more dump clips.
Really.
I feel like,
I feel like this really lifted my spirits.
This is what I needed today.
Thank you so much for really bringing the clips that I would respond to you.
Yeah.
I'm glad.
Thank you.
Blue Band and um,
yeah,
I really feel like,
uh,
it's very exciting.
So normally we would have had
Martin Risa together,
but we don't cause a of our circumstances.
So jealous.
That's what you're going to see.
Now if you keep watching this podcast or keep listening,
we're,
we're going to tack on a segment where Martin brought presence was I don't want
to give away yet.
Um,
and he also brought three new waters to try,
which I have to get you to try them.
It's not like a site.
And then,
um,
that's it.
It should be really fun.
So,
uh,
thank you to Martin Risa for coming in and go to the Patina restaurant downtown
La.
Thanks for listening.
Please go to your mom's house,
podcast.com.
You know the deal,
you know the tickets are on sale for the tour,
you know the merge.
Thank you guys as always for listening to the podcast and we'll see you next
week,
gene.
All right,
this is a nice treat for us.
Uh,
in this case,
particularly me,
um,
because I don't know if,
well we,
I'm sure we discussed it during the episode,
but um,
we have no,
we had a nanny called in sick today,
which happens,
that's life.
So I the more important a true water champ of the family,
I'm going to enjoy some nice new waters were being revisited by Martin Resa,
the water somewhere.
Yay.
Um,
the international number one water somewhere.
Yay.
Who um,
also you can,
you can visit if you'd like to.
You can go and they can make a reservation and eat at a Patina right.
Patina restaurant in downtown Los Angeles and the Lord is a concert hall.
Yeah.
I'm always there for you.
And actually we had some guests who saw me,
he on the show last time coming over and out to Patina and there was a lot of
fun,
really do some walnut tasting with them and they really enjoyed it and a lot of
fun.
It's a fun experience.
I feel like that was the,
um,
it was a funny episode.
Like when you participate,
when you came over the first time,
all these people were like,
what the fuck are you doing having this guy on?
I think this is totally normal.
Even I'm getting the same response in the restaurant all the time.
It's like when you're giving them water manual or telling them I'm a water,
somebody they think like,
yeah,
right.
Yeah,
What's wrong with you?
But then they were all fascinated like,
and I,
I've been on this uh,
thing too where,
you know,
I travel a lot.
I'm meeting people all the time.
Sometimes water comes up,
it always comes up when somebody grabs a water.
Like let's say I'm going from the hotel or the airports to the hotel.
And then the,
uh,
you know,
the show runner,
the person that runs the,
the,
the theater runner who like,
will run to help you run errands the day you're in town.
We'll stop in and then I'll see them pick up like a bottle of smartwater.
I'll be like,
Nah,
man,
you can't do that.
And they're like,
what?
I'm like,
that's garbage,
dude.
Throw that shit out.
And then we started having talks about minerals.
I,
it becomes this fascinating thing where it's almost like there's so many things
in life that are convenient to not know that you just go,
like,
I don't have time to care about everything.
Yeah.
Um,
but then there's certain things where you go,
well,
it's important enough for me to,
to give a shit about.
So especially I think when you're putting something into your body,
yeah,
I think you should really think about what you're putting into your body.
Of course,
it's very,
very important.
Water is pretty essential,
I think.
Yeah.
I think it's,
you see the,
an artist made this.
Oh,
that is cool.
I mean,
look at that.
They're just awesome.
That is this,
it says the water champion.
He's sculpted that whole thing.
Incredible.
That is really awesome.
Yeah.
I love this.
Um,
yeah.
Well there's some additional factors.
So gaming someone.
Yeah.
You got a lot of traction.
I mean,
you know,
from the podcast,
a lot of people into that.
Did you get,
um,
some fun,
interesting messages and,
uh,
emails from
people?
Uh,
the first thing,
and I was like completely shocked,
obviously when the first guy said hi Hitler.
And I was like,
what the hell?
What did I do on the show?
And I didn't know.
And then I realized because I watched more and more episodes and then I
realized,
oh no,
I'm getting it.
You're like,
there's,
it's not just me.
It's not just me.
I'm not just because I'm can perfectly say high,
hit low.
Obviously I'm an accent,
but uh,
now are getting it.
And this was obviously a little shocking in the beginning for five Norris
getting,
now I'm getting it and I'm totally fine with us.
Yeah.
She,
she's pretty wild.
She's got,
she's got problems.
She has serious problems.
Yeah.
Nobody was really fun too to be on the shore and I never thought I getting so
much response out of that.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I've gained hundreds of followers.
Suddenly people were all over me.
They sent me text messages as I'm still getting Instagram posts all the time now
and tagging you with the water,
tagging me with their water,
they're drinking and ask me,
hey,
what do you think about this?
What do you think about that water?
And I'm trying obviously my best always to,
to response to everybody.
That's great.
And,
and saying like,
Hey,
cool.
Well,
thank you so much for thinking about me and I love this.
This is so cool.
And this is the one idea I think we want to engage with people when I talk about
water and I want to get water value.
That's the whole point why I was on the first place here as well and what it
should be fun and water should be enjoyable and,
and it's,
it's great to be back.
Well good.
I'm so happy to have you back.
Um,
and I really feel like too,
it's like,
it's one of those things where with water it is something you engage with every
day.
So like even all the jokes aside from our podcast,
I mean,
you're gonna have water every day.
we are,
and I feel like you coming on just opened my eyes to the possibilities and to
the information,
like the education of it.
So it's been fascinating for me,
man.
Like I,
I really do think about it now when I'm in these,
like I said,
all over the country,
different cities have different options.
Where was it?
I was just in Texas.
And um,
when I went to,
where was that?
It was either in,
I think it was when I was in San Antonio.
San Antonio.
Yeah,
it was,
I went to this pretty nice restaurant.
We're having a pre show meal and the guy's like,
you know,
they're trying to sell us their cocktails.
And I was like,
well,
we're going to do show.
So I said,
I just want sparkling water.
And he goes,
do you want a Pellegrino or uh,
Buh,
Buh.
And something I hadn't heard.
And I go,
what's that?
And he goes,
He goes,
oh,
that's a Mexican sparkling water.
Topo Chico.
It's a staple of maybe San Antonio or whatever.
And I got Topo Chico.
Okay,
great.
Cool.
Spocky will I go look that shit up man,
let's have some Mexican spot.
So it was like a fun,
you know,
normally,
I don't even know if you,
if you hadn't been here and kind of talked about trying
stuff,
I may have just been like,
I don't know what that is.
I'll take a pellet green out.
But I now I try to experiment and try to have a little more then you'd just been
through sober October.
I know man.
Well and first of all,
your relationships to your house.
I believe that.
Yeah.
But I think even for people who were saying like,
okay,
I want to be a whole month without alcohol.
They are other options for you.
Sure.
And it's not just about or other option means like sodas or juices or something
like that.
Yeah,
no water has options as well.
And there was some really,
really cool stuff on it.
Yeah.
And that is a fun thing.
Oh my God.
I drink so much water on Thursday night.
I went to this,
a place that had a speakeasy attached to it and they have,
they're like a bourbon bar,
Bourbon whiskeys and everything and they're having me tried Japanese whiskeys
and all this shit.
I mean,
after about an hour and a half.
Yeah.
Very cool stuff.
I have this,
this is why the restaurant,
after an hour and a half of that,
I was like,
hey man,
I need to start dragging some water.
And I think I had like 11 glasses of water before I left here.
We have order champagne and I was also becoming the drunk champ.
So I was like,
I actually felt somewhat okay the next morning I think because I just pounded
why it's important.
Yeah.
The thing is what a lot of people always don't think like they're thinking,
oh,
I call it makes your dehydrated.
That's actually not really true.
Right.
Our goal is to make you more going to the restroom.
Yeah.
That's the reason.
That's the whole point.
Why you're dehydrating.
Because if you're going,
you'll keep going,
keep going,
keep going the whole time and you're forgetting maybe to drink water.
So when you replenish yourself all the time with some good mineral water,
there will be no hangover the next day.
Really.
It will be fine.
I'll be fine.
Um,
I'm,
I'm very,
very tempted to just grab stuff.
I'm so excited.
You brought three to try today.
I bef uh,
yeah,
I brought three different voters,
but before that I have a little present for you.
Oh,
okay.
And
is this what you,
the file you sent me or no.
So the first present,
and this is actually a foil,
um,
because you'd get the whole Lamborghini prank and I love this.
Yeah.
And before that you told me you will the hatch amp no as well.
That's right.
And I know your addiction to cars.
Yeah.
And I have to admit,
I love cars.
Tours are fun,
man.
I ordered something from Germany for Ya.
What?
And I think this will be a perfect little present.
So I get you're the perfect Martini racing Porsche.
I love it for you.
Yeah.
If you're a gentlemen,
thank you sir.
So I think there will be a nice thing,
especially when the sun is blowing.
Yeah.
And this will be a great head for bio when you're driving your,
your nice car.
Thank you,
sir.
Let me see.
Try it right away.
Maybe you need to change in the back or something else too.
That's very nice of you.
Thank you for did.
I thought like I,
I saw that and I feel like this is the perfect gift for Tom.
Yes.
Okay.
There we go.
Dude.
Tell me,
go ahead.
It looks perfect.
Yeah,
love this.
Love it.
And then I brought something for you both and I have a little video as well,
but I want to show case first what I brought because obviously I'm working in a
restaurant.
Yeah.
And you guys talking all the time about eating stuff is spot on the show.
Hmm.
I brought more soup.
What,
what you brought real moose soup,
real moose soup created yesterday by my Michelin Star Chef Andrea swollen.
And I have a video here where you can see where we created this yesterday.
Holy Cow.
The real move soup for the main mommies.
Oh Man,
this is unbelievable.
Oh my God.
Hold on.
This is an bubbly,
you did not even tell me you were doing this by the way,
cause otherwise I would have had this.
No,
no,
that's the reason.
Yes.
Here we go.
I just sent,
and this is the reason I just send you the link via Dropbox because I didn't
know that you were sneaking on me and like how,
what is he sending me?
Like let's check it out.
Yeah.
Then I wouldn't have that surprise.
So it was for me important to get some moose in the beginning.
And obviously some people will see like what the hell is this year?
Why is it,
Martin has like this crazy bunch here,
but this is like how we are presenting or preserving actually stuff at the
restaurant.
So we cooking everything and then it goes into a vacuum.
Yeah.
And then it will be staying perfectly for,
I cannot believe you're a genius.
So this is actually real good moose suit from uh,
the Moose is coming from Vermont actually freshly flow.
This is today.
This is Moose suit for resists real.
Moosup okay.
I think we're going to lose our minds.
Um,
so should I open it up?
Sure,
sure.
Yeah,
definitely.
Okay,
well it's a little video so there's no really sound,
so you can,
you can move the sound but adjust a little video
about where we actually own.
So it's mostly Patina style.
This cause it's funny cause I was about to say to you that like we should tell
the audience what caliber restaurant.
So it's a Michelin Star restaurant.
It's one of the flagships,
what we operating,
it's the number one restaurant in Los Angeles.
And this is Andrea Ralo execute a chef.
And this is like dishes will be a plating.
Like for example,
Tobo like a little something Crostini Kumar die,
a little devil eggs,
a little suites.
So on.
This is the actually move with what we received from Vermont yesterday and he's
like carving it right now.
And these are the filets you can see it's very,
very dark meat.
It's beautiful.
Very red meat is a little beautiful little garlic obviously for the beautiful
breath.
Cause I know you love,
I love your love,
your love garlic breath.
I love garlic breath.
If I'm going to give a kiss to Christina,
they all of the different ingredients obviously as well from
you're putting it into,
into a little.
So this guy's a stud shaft though.
He's a master degree on chef as well from German.
He comes from a three star Michelin restaurant in Germany,
the hotel at Harbor Toowoomba.
And uh,
he really knows his shit.
So he's putting some fire on it as well to get some roster Romas to the Moose.
Yeah,
and he had a lot of fun well to it.
So obviously he wouldn't end.
This is not a thumb right there.
You're the white thing.
They are like different herbs in it and we don't want that.
The reps are touching actually the food.
We just want the aromas of the reps really putting it into this small little
smarter little back and then we're putting it back out later on and then it's
getting reducted a little bit of,
I'm blown away.
I'm like,
here we go.
And this is like how the finished product looks like.
I'm blown away.
Here we go.
Let's see what the chef,
yeah,
he did a leg senses like sense good.
So I haven't tasted it yet.
He just tasted it.
But I'm very excited for you and you're so try it out.
I got my back,
I spent at home.
So this will be a lot of fun for you on dude.
It is on.
Ah,
that's so nice of you.
Thank you Troy thing because everybody was talking about moose soup and I was
like,
okay,
Moosup most of,
most of,
I never heard about this.
And then I was finding out a little bit and then I had talked to Andrea,
my chef,
and he's like,
Hey,
let's cook someone sit with make it,
and we did this yesterday and we had a lot of fun shoot with that.
That is so he,
he enjoyed it as well.
That's a,
yeah,
that says as cool a thing is I've heard somebody doing,
thank you.
Gee.
Yeah,
that's,
we're going to,
we're going to do it.
She should come down as well.
She should,
yeah.
Yeah.
I wonder what she would think of a Michelin Stars version of a moose moose soup
because that's often all this as well because I saw pictures and they all ready
looked like a poof of apes or something like this.
It's like apes.
If facts there are some disgusting moves,
her pictures online.
I have to say that it's like really some pictures smelled like literally like
okay when you were really,
really sick and you're going to the,
you're going to the restroom and you already know there are some problems with
your stomach and your,
you're looking afterwards what happened in,
in the,
in the toilet.
And this is like sometimes what Moosup looks like.
Oh my God.
Cause you don't want to know is really nice.
Uh,
are these photos to be looked at as well or is it because like I was here in
March or April this year and there's so many things happened.
I wasn't,
China did a big water tasting.
They're over a hundred different waters and I will be coming up on Netflix for
the bill Nye show.
Oh that's great.
So the science,
the science guy,
I had a lot of fun with a sky and he invited me to do a water tasting and he
gave me three different waters.
The first water was la tap.
The second bottle was double distilled water.
What I refuse to drink because I said like,
what the fuck?
Why should I drink double distilled water?
There's real benefits for me.
So forget it,
I'm not drinking this.
And the third ward and what we're seeing right now,
they're explosive.
Serration life support water.
This is actually out of space.
Water from the international space ship.
This is their recycled water.
What they are drinking.
So it's astronaut water.
This is what they're drinking.
They're drinking on the spaceship.
I also in space,
in space,
they have to re they recycle their water.
Yes.
So this was the most unique water I ever tasted in my life.
So it's water recovery and management from the NASA Marshall Space Flight
Center.
And when you go on to the next page or next photo,
you will see what that actually is.
So it's recycled water made from waste products extracted by them.
Ploys of summer 2015 actually it's out of this world.
Yeah,
it was out of this world because this is nothing other then sweat shower,
water distilled Urien conization and then they're adding some slower to make it
hard for a fight and clean.
Why waste products x greeted by the employees.
So I was drinking that I or even revisit that water.
So I drink a twice and they all looked at me.
There was one comedian right next to me.
He was like,
what the fuck?
Like you're,
you're,
you're refusing to ring double distilled water but you're drinking that shit.
And I was like,
yeah,
I want to taste that.
It has extremely heavy smell first.
So when you smelling like glass,
it's smart.
Like when you're walking into a dentist office,
this chemical very like we smell.
Yeah.
It was very sweet and taste cause silver at sweetness to your water.
Ed was not yummy.
Let's face this.
A slug of water was drawn the time.
It's not really,
you can,
you can taste like this whole chemical aspect to it.
It's like Allie tap times five in this chlorine and silver and camera,
you can really smell and drink hemlock cuts.
It's not really enjoyable.
Is there a rated,
I mean were they able to find out the mineral content?
Nope.
And it's highly distilled as well.
So obviously the middle of conduct has to be extremely low.
Extremely low because otherwise if it wasn't stripped it would be like getting
people sick.
So the fun part about this water is that obviously the ISS,
the international space ship has two divisions.
It's a Russian division and an American division.
The Russians recycling the water as well,
but they don't use the own urine.
They're like Nana,
that's too nasty force.
So the Americans even collecting the ruin of the Russians and user.
Yes.
And using that as well
because hey it's so expensive.
Rooskie p yes.
So,
oh boy.
So they told me this interesting,
interesting story about that,
that really whack.
So you will see me on Netflix episode four on the second season that's coming
up,
hopefully in end of November on the table.
I love this,
but it was a lot of fun.
Next one,
can I go next page is a sure thing or there's like a picture of Bill Nye and
then with me,
and this is like the three waters up there.
And the producer came up to me and because they want to do a blind taste first
with me.
So they put all the three waters and I was just smelling them and I could tell
them right away which waters what really?
And they're like what are you the smell shit now you know I was like no you
can't smother difference at tab was just the pool from the backyard.
Then there's double distilled water,
had no smell at all.
And then this urine astronaut water was just like just Gus how smell disgusting.
And this is like on the shoulder.
It was like for my wife took the pictures from the audience and that's very
cool.
There will be a fun little really fun sequence but it's great man.
Olivia,
good one.
Okay,
so the next picture,
and this is a water what I brought,
it's called civil body from Norway.
And this pic,
the bottle already is kind of stunning cause I will on an open display bottle.
Is it this one?
Oh this is like what you buy high end liquor comes in a case like that.
It has the prize of a high end liquor.
It does.
So it runs $150 in the restaurant.
Yet he has a 50 bucks at Costco.
When you want to buy it's retail and hundred and 50 which charging at the
restaurant.
But we are selling it.
People are really addicted to it.
Really interesting.
So is this a flatwater?
Yes.
I brought the still waters today.
I thought today it is still November month.
We drink still water still water.
This is from Norway,
from Norway.
This comes from from the doctors.
So it's a polar iceberg water.
So the middle of content obviously is extremely loads.
21 tds.
Roy,
you're very alone because this water has never been touched on the ground.
It's like rain border drip stone.
It goes right away on the ice glacier and freezes up.
This water's the one 15,000 years old.
What's in the bottle right here?
And uh,
I see the picture right here.
So the harvesting these icebergs and all,
some people would say like,
are you not smart?
And so yo yo,
we all know like global warming and everything.
You know,
you're like taking the icebox.
Even my way.
He said,
nope,
these are icebergs who breaking down like totally normal.
They're starting to dilute then into the North Sea and when they are diluted,
you cannot use that word anymore.
Then it's like heavily salted.
Yeah.
So they're picking up this huge icebergs and you can see it like they had tons,
they're super heavy.
They have our own vessel that picking up these icebergs and then melting them
down into this bottle.
So it's something very cost intensive and cost intensive.
And also it's not going to be that they're not going to make million now.
And then I think they did 10,000 bottles,
plastics.
So that's why the price point is going to be elevated.
It's something very,
very unique.
Um,
that's fascinating.
So it's a very fun,
interesting water to start your sober November maybe.
Oh my goodness.
Okay.
And it's going to be,
as you mentioned,
a pretty low.
Yeah,
yeah.
But,
but it's still a distinct flavor or no,
that's interesting pot.
So I had three bottles already in tasting and all three bottles tasted slightly
different.
And that makes sense because it's a mother,
it's a product of nature.
Again.
And all these icebergs that are floating into the sea.
So obviously all these icebergs have as slightly different flavor to it.
And the name again is smell body,
small bodies,
the region and Norway and they calling that water as well as from our body.
So let's see what this version tastes like.
[inaudible]
okay.
To me it's very smooth.
Very,
very smooth.
I think so too.
It's very smooth.
But it has,
when you drink it and it's,
it's right away gone.
Yes.
Like it's almost dries out Japan.
It I think,
yeah,
it doesn't really have this refreshing aspect to it.
That's interesting.
And that is because it's lacking minerals because it's lacking.
Yes.
The cord.
That's not enough minerals.
And there are so your body on your mouth saying like,
Hey,
what's going on?
Can I get some more?
Can I get some more of a,
cause that's like barely anything in there.
So I want more water to get more minerals.
Interesting.
Let's hit good water.
I like it.
It's extremely,
because it's so smooth.
It's very nice for wines.
So when you have like a 10 and rich red wine or something like that or maybe a
risky,
what'd you just told me?
Um,
that will very,
very cool walk with us because this,
this heaviness of alcohol will be some,
most of the way of this very smooth water.
So it's a,
it's a very good water and I don't want to drink everything because I think your
wife,
Christina need to drink something.
A swell and Chub will kill both of us.
I think when we probably,
when we killing the bottles here just for us and we don't,
we don't share that I'm be mean,
but I have to say that is a very pleasurable tasting.
In other words,
uh,
it's,
it's enjoyable.
I think so too.
It's not,
it's something that you go like,
oh,
okay.
I mean the satisfying sip of water.
Oh,
absolutely.
It wouldn't satisfy my pocket,
I have to say because it's produced popcorn one 50 in a restaurant.
But so somebody could go out and buy it though.
Where would you buy stuff like that?
Oh,
you can buy it.
Because a lot of people ask me as well like,
Hey Martin,
where can you buy all this crazy waters?
What you had last time on the show.
And we said it's actually my Ester in Florida.
So these are the people who can actually,
or they importing most of the,
of their very unique waters in this country.
So you can call up Brett is his name?
Acoma yesto and can you say that slower?
[inaudible] my yes.
Tro.
Oh,
okay.
Yup.
Okay.
So,
and he even like Aqua Maestro.
Yes.
Here we go.
Okay.
Like my German accent might know.
I know I sent again,
believe me,
I just wanted to debate,
you know,
I wanted to make sure everything cool.
So Aqua Maestro,
maestro in Florida and flew Google Lauderdale for Lauderdale and then you will
find them right away last time.
And I will talk to a bread again.
Last time they gave actually a 10% off for everybody who mentioned your mom's
house podcast.
Yes.
So we call that so many inquiries suddenly for skilled.
Okay.
So that was kind of cool.
And I think this is a nice thing.
And for sure bread,
we'll do this again when you call them up and say,
Hey,
I listened to your mom sells podcast and as far yeah,
for sure he will do something again.
Okay.
He's a nice guy.
Um,
yeah,
that was like still hydrate.
Very interesting.
Um,
can I switch to the next one here?
That's fish our next next picture already.
And you can see the vessel fucking nuts where there's ice books are collecting.
So this ship goes out,
picks up like scoops up almost like a fisherman.
We picked correct shrimp and just has a boat full of iceberg.
And then they take that back to some factory and correct.
Correct.
And then they are diluting it.
This water obviously into the bottle.
So it really has never touched anything.
Nope.
Trust icebergs and the glass.
That's wild man.
And then our mouth.
Now that's,
that is why it's a fun product.
Yeah.
Like this.
And they won because I told you I was dressed Russ and easily in swat.
Serval bars,
availability.
[inaudible] I spoke water and they just won the,
uh,
in China was a big water competition and they will show us like the silver metal
for taste.
And then they won the gold medal for the,
uh,
the product in general.
Oh,
the presentation.
The presentation is awesome.
Yeah.
That's outstanding.
Yeah,
I think so too.
And that's,
I have to say that's like a lot of people at my restaurant,
they're obviously going into water main and they see this beautiful bottle in
the sea.
Like do the watch page.
I want to drop 150 bucks for a water.
Yeah.
Why not?
Why not experience some people driving a Lamborghini?
Yeah.
A tool to the gym or to a hot yoga and some people are drinking water.
How are we rolling now these days?
So,
uh,
what's,
um,
what's this next one?
So the next one,
I was very surprised when I heard about this,
that Chuck Norris has a water.
Come on.
This is the official Chuck Norris.
Walter see from Texas from his privately owned ranch.
Really?
Yes.
He has a water and I see this bottle.
I reached out to them and there were so happy to give me some products and said
like,
hey,
that's so cool what you're doing.
So I did already a video on youtube about the taste profile of see fours and I
thought it would be a fun thing to bring it here to the show.
Now today it's a very loud cause.
I'm a big chuck Norris Fan.
I have to admit this.
I think he's,
he's cool and crazy and so I went to the homepage as well and they're saying,
so chuck Norris heard that you guys are thirsty.
So he punched the grounds and mate the earth cry.
Yes.
Therefore we get some water now.
So it's mother's birth tears.
Hey Man,
I mean I'm willing to give them a shot.
Chuck Norris can try anything that isn't a tease spring water and I love this
and they're very proud about this.
They're saying,
no,
we are not performing anything.
We want minerals.
TDS is around 300 on this water.
So okay,
that's,
so that's actually a pretty,
pretty good stable of mineral.
That's some mineral.
Yeah.
Yes.
By U s law.
This is actually mineral water considered everything.
250 a tds means it's a mineral water.
Okay.
So this is considered to be a mineral spring water from Texas.
See Force.
Hmm.
Let's see.
Let's give it a shot.
She has cheers.
Hmm.
It definitely tastes different.
Oh yeah.
Uh,
from the,
from the small body.
Yeah,
I think so too.
I'd have it.
A little sweetness to it,
I think.
Hmm.
I'm not,
I dunno,
I'm not that into it.
Yeah.
You're not into Chuck Norris.
I mean,
I don't know what it is about it.
It's like,
it's almost like it's just under the tastes I'm supposed to be tasting or just
over something that is supposed to be masking.
I Dunno.
It's like,
it's like,
it's very,
so it feel maybe because the name Chuck Norris on it,
you feel something powerful maybe at Vichy or Roy or something like this.
That's something outrageous and taste.
We had thought I just had different expectations.
Maybe that's it.
And this is,
might be what it is.
A swat call.
The tds.
That's 300 again.
Yeah.
I think it's a good product.
Obviously.
It's not so unique than maybe this fall bodies story or the skill of what we had
last time.
We had change changes in Tamila.
When you're shaking the bottle it doesn't have something so extremely unique.
Obviously also you know what it is also is that I think I mean without being as
familiar with waters as you are when you said 300 and that this would be
considered mineral water.
I think my brain was also like,
oh now it's going to have a taste to it and then it tastes like very subdued.
Okay.
So that makes sense.
I just didn't taste,
I don't really taste much with it.
Yup.
But it was for me,
interesting to see that Chuck Norris has that's very involved and I want it to a
test that out and it was for me.
Interesting.
Imagine trying to get into the water game,
like trying to get into bottled water.
Seems like maybe you should create a your mum's house.
Yeah.
I mean like yeah that market before real easy mommies for all the people who
Wang the jeans,
what would be our game plan?
I mean what sorts are we going to tap?
Um,
oh,
I have a lot of connection that,
that is actually easy for me.
Okay.
The marketing though,
right?
Because I have a Brenda spots called Beverly hills nine h toe.
Oh,
that's right.
So,
and it was last week on the Jimmy Fallon show.
That's very okay.
Jimmy Fallon taste and you can see it on youtube right now.
Uh,
two Chainz taste it with Jimmy Fallon,
nine age tool on the show and,
and it was a blind taste test.
New York tap,
the famous New York tap.
What's considered to be one of the best tap waters in the states versus nine or
h two o.
And it's a very funny video.
It is.
Oh my God.
So Jimmy Fallon,
it's like looking at this two glasses and tasting the first class and realized,
Holy Shit,
that tastes so bad.
This has to be tapped.
And in Boston,
New York Tech.
And he's like,
and he felt almost like embarrassed and he said like,
I love the city.
I am been grown up here in New York,
but this is outrageous.
Like that.
Water is just no way I'm going to turn to drink this really [inaudible] yard.
I'm doing Chad item,
drink,
tap.
That's not my style.
That's not how I roll.
I don't drink tap.
And then they tasted nine h two o and Jimmy Fallon into the camera.
Like,
oh,
la La.
This is expensive shit.
Oh,
so then what's good and what's that funny.
Very funny of your water's available everywhere.
Yeah.
Not really everywhere right now because it's a very small production of water as
well and bevel it's nine which was actually sold outright.
Now judge,
after the Jimmy Fallon show,
obviously we sold out right away.
You got to be thrilled with it.
It's crazy.
It was great about we need to produce now again.
So it's very tricky and it's not that easy.
A lot of people always think,
oh,
they just open a tap and they're filling that this,
no,
because I'm a maniac.
I'm German.
I want to be like crazy and I want to be a control freak when it comes to us.
I want to make sure this water is perfect.
Yeah.
So we're sourcing that water from the San Diego Mountains and I'm very calm.
I'm very strict about where are the sources coming from,
which plastic,
which p t you are using because I don't want to have any BPA,
any chemicals in there.
It's a beautiful blue bottle.
The bottle,
what we showcase on the Jimmy Fallon show,
it's a glass bottle as well.
I'm very strict about the glass as well.
Um,
I'm like a control freak when it comes to this.
For me,
quality is the non plus ultra and I don't want to just give some water on the
mass market and to just make a fast buck.
That's not me.
Yeah,
they are for right now,
nine,
eight shows sold out,
but it will definitely come back when better when I feel the quality is perfect
and then I'll release the next batch.
Great.
That's awesome.
I want to get a batch of that.
That wasn't plot.
I'll bring it next time.
Um,
you have one more.
One more.
We're going to Australia actually life and this bottle and you can see it
already on the label.
It's a little beaten up or they sent me a whole case of water and actually just
three bottles survived.
The rest was broken.
Wow.
So it's all the time I have this and obviously my landlord at my apartment,
oh,
I see.
Like what the hell is,
is always,
why are you getting all this speed up packages from all around the world can
these days.
And this is the fun,
cool thing about me as a water [inaudible] that literary people from around the
world sending me Walter Snow all the time.
You got to love that.
It's really fascinating.
It's also your passion.
Oh yeah.
It's completely fascinating to taste all the different mineral waters from
around the world.
So aqui life has a tds of 1,300 so this is considered a very high middle of the
water.
This is a still version,
and this is for me fascinating because mostly high mineral waters are sparkling
waters,
but this is our sparkling,
just cause it's more palatable for minerals or no,
I don't want to say this,
but a lot of high mineral content,
water's coming with CO2 out of the grounds.
Oh,
okay.
So they already,
they auction national.
Let's see.
Youtube and our coffee life is,
it's still water from Australia.
You've tried this?
Yes.
Yeah.
I tried this already.
This act,
this water.
Um,
a thousand,
2000,
300.
This is definitely going to have a flavor.
Yeah,
it has to.
It has a texture,
has a texture.
It has a texture.
Okay.
Oh yeah.
This is heavy water.
Yeah.
This is familiar with the heavy,
see I never x and this will be fascinating and this is like what I love when a
tasting waters,
this is so unique and textures almost if you're drinking like high percentage
milk or oil or foil.
This is like the,
the mouthfeel you know it's funny because everyone's brain sends different
thoughts.
I'm anticipating like my moment before was like,
oh this is going to be salty.
Like that was my,
my thought.
It's like oil but like,
like smooth like mineral oil.
Like a,
it's almost like an olive oil.
It was something you could drink.
Right.
That's like a richness to it.
When you would close your eyes,
you would think you would drink olive oil soluble drink milk or something like
that.
She would not think of it.
This is Walter because it's so heavy and your Palette,
and this is for me fascinating.
That's the reason I'm trying to get them.
They won't have distribution right now in the states.
I'm trying to get them on my new water menu,
whatever lounge at Patina next month because I think it's something so unique.
I want to showcase that that is of water for me.
Again,
like what my brain is like,
holy cow,
this is so cool that mother nature gives me something so crazy.
And any of the three for me by far the most unique tastes.
Oh yeah,
definitely.
Um,
and the first ones by far the most unique story.
Yeah.
And and also very satisfying.
Yes.
Yeah.
But I think it's an interesting exercise again to see three Stillwater's this
time.
Last time I brought yes and mix and match was amazing and I wanted to,
wanted to showcase even Stillwater case differently and has a different texture
and,
and can taste completely different.
This is so cool.
Um,
yeah man,
I'm fascinating.
And so again,
if you want to try people,
cause we got hit up like to,
you know,
then people wanted me to keep posting about the waters and Aqua Maestro.
Yes.
In Florida.
Um,
bookmark that you should,
if you are a Foodie,
if you love restaurants,
you come in Los Angeles,
go to Patina and you could even possibly meet Martin and,
and try some more.
Trying to be there on a daily basis.
I will try my best.
Um,
and then put a reminder in your phone to get Beverly Hills nights til nine o h
two o um,
when it comes back on the market and watched Bill Nye,
this will be a fun one.
Yeah,
that's a really good one.
And don't you have your own site as well or they show Martin Slash [inaudible]
dot com obviously my own homepage.
Facebook.
Instagram is always much a reason,
so it's easy to find me I think.
And Yeah,
we will definitely do a post again of the three waters,
what be tasted.
We will share this and our Instagram accounts.
Yes.
And I had one more question because you talked about the Lambo Jeannie Prank.
Yeah,
it was so fun.
So fun and fascinating.
I was laughing my ass off and my wife walk even up because I was watching that
abuse with my bat in the middle of the night and she was sleeping already.
And she's like,
what the hell is this?
An earthquake or wise are shaking the baton.
I was laughing that hard when you're,
when you're,
it was so good when you say like,
Holy Shit and you made this voice impression of of burden was brilliant.
Oh yeah.
But you were talking about the bottled water,
what you had for them.
And I was like the whole time guessing.
So when you see telling me which bottled water at it was a,
is interested in that you asked,
it was more of a uh,
oh,
was it a container?
Yes,
he'll be good.
I thought so that's what it was.
So a guy,
I posted it on our,
um,
on our,
uh,
Instagram once sent us a case of these different,
I think it's called mere oh,
cool.
Uh,
like water bottles and containers,
like you say,
I am.
So that was the thing.
And so he sent these to their vacuum insulated and it keeps whatever temperature
you put it in there at stays like that for like 35.
That's awesome.
So they were really cool.
Um,
I thanked him online.
I forget his name,
but I thanked him on any Instagram.
Yeah.
But it wasn't actually a bottle of wine.
It wasn't contained cause I was like ego obviously.
Of course.
I was like,
okay,
which water home?
Which water has he and his Lamborghini now.
Yeah.
And I was looking the whole time and listening the whole time.
You think,
did I miss it?
Now?
What's going on here?
I want this.
I want to know which water you've been in.
My Lambo.
It's going to be nothing,
but it's followed by the deans.
Smile about uni,
small body.
So our body,
that language is,
um,
I dunno.
Yeah.
It's a tough language.
All the Scandinavian languages,
almost like you have a hot potato in your mouth and you're trying to talk to
you.
Yeah.
That's like what?
What the Danish and Norwegian,
yeah,
Finnish language and you see it written and I'm like,
well it's so intimidating.
Yeah,
you just want to drink it.
Dude.
Thank you so much for coming again.
This was so cool.
I love what you do.
Be here and let's do it again.
Anytime you want to do another tasting.
I haven't been bringing you always like some fun waters and I think we should.
We should do this.
Definitely the again and hopefully Christina,
I want me and mommy will be next time.
Yes,
absolutely.
Let me bring everybody out on this.
I got a little song to say goodbye and I'm,
that's it.
Thank you Martin again for joining us and we'll,
we'll have this up again soon.
Cheers guys.
In
fact it all of us machines,
what has changed all of our labs to Mommy's.
Mommy's,
Mommy's one means that's how those machines,
machines and machines,
two
mommies,
one means that's how it goes.
Again,
machines,
which he has
two mommies,
one beat,
terminator,
Terminator,
two mommies one day.
You know what I mean?
You know what I'm saying?
Hey,
give it to me.
Give it to me.
Head scratch,
scratch,
scratch.
Scratch your head.
Scratch head scratching.
Mommy's one day.
That's how it goes.
G six
to know what I mean?
You know what I'm saying?
I have a tab DIMETAPP DIMETAPP Dimetapp.
I do a lot of DIMETAPP Benadryl,
Dimetapp,
Dimetapp DIMETAPP.
I do a lot of
DIMETAPP,
Benadryl,
Dimetapp,
Benadryl.
If I do killed multiple people,
that will be what?
A hot man,
good.
10 or 1210 or 12 I'd like to know what I mean.
You know what I mean?
You know what I'm saying?
Know what I mean?
I actually had the song in my head over the weekend.
A lot of no lie.
A lot.
I feel like it's not that bad.
I mean,
we can take some work.
It needs work,
but it's not bad.
Perfect.
Yeah.